EXTORTING HIM AND BLACKMALE MAILING HIM IN LEFT TO RIGHT,
MAILING HIM IN LEFT TO RIGHT, YOU’VE GOT TO BE INCREDIBLY
YOU’VE GOT TO BE INCREDIBLY STUPID AND AIR GRANT "THE NEW
STUPID AND AIR GRANT "THE NEW YORK TIMES" REPORTS ON THE MOST
YORK TIMES" REPORTS ON THE MOST DIRECT EVIDENCE TO DAY
DIRECT EVIDENCE TO DAY CONNECTING THE PRINCE TO THE
CONNECTING THE PRINCE TO THE KELING OF YAMZ SHEERG.
KELING OF YAMZ SHEERG. BACK IN SEPTEMBER OF 2017, MBS
BACK IN SEPTEMBER OF 2017, MBS COLD A HE SHOULD BE RETURNED BY
COLD A HE SHOULD BE RETURNED BY FORCE.
FORCE. IF NEITHER OF THOSE METHODS
IF NEITHER OF THOSE METHODS WORKED, MBS SAID, QUOTE, HE
WORKED, MBS SAID, QUOTE, HE WOULD GO AFRICA SHOWINGY WITH A
WOULD GO AFRICA SHOWINGY WITH A BULLET.
BULLET. IT’S THE SAME MONTH THAT
IT’S THE SAME MONTH THAT KASHOGGI BEGAN WRITING PUTS, ITY
KASHOGGI BEGAN WRITING PUTS, ITY WITH TREASURY SECRETARY
WITH TREASURY SECRETARY KNOWLEDGE OF THE TELEVISION
KNOWLEDGE OF THE TELEVISION REPORTS PRODUCED IN EARLY
REPORTS PRODUCED IN EARLY DECEMBER.
DECEMBER. THE FACT IS HE HAVEN’T MENTALLY
THE FACT IS HE HAVEN’T MENTALLY DENIES IT WHILE SITTING A WELL,
DENIES IT WHILE SITTING A WELL, WHERE DO WE KEEP GOING IS WHAT
WHERE DO WE KEEP GOING IS WHAT WE DO SFWRCHL "THE NEW YORK
WE DO SFWRCHL "THE NEW YORK TIMES" AND OTHER MEDIA OUTLETS
TIMES" AND OTHER MEDIA OUTLETS ARE GOING TO CONTINUE TO DIG
ARE GOING TO CONTINUE TO DIG INTO THE STORY AND TO
INTO THE STORY AND TO EXPOSEMURDER, THIS MURDER THAT
EXPOSEMURDER, THIS MURDER THAT WAS COMMITTED AT THE BEHEST OF
WAS COMMITTED AT THE BEHEST OF MBS, APPARENTLY PECKER WAS
MBS, APPARENTLY PECKER WAS SEEKING SAUDI ENVESTMENT NACHBLT
SEEKING SAUDI ENVESTMENT NACHBLT WHO KNOWS IF THEY FLE OF I
WHO KNOWS IF THEY FLE OF I DIDN’T WANT TO POINT OUT ONE
DIDN’T WANT TO POINT OUT ONE THING, JUST TO PEOPLE WHO ARE
THING, JUST TO PEOPLE WHO ARE WATCHING.
WATCHING. THIS IS NOT HOW JOURNALISTS
THIS IS NOT HOW JOURNALISTS OPERATE.
OPERATE. NO YOURN HOUSE AND IT IS NOT A
NO YOURN HOUSE AND IT IS NOT A JOURNALIST BEING ENTERPRISE.
JOURNALIST BEING ENTERPRISE. IT IS HISTORICALLY A HE IS TORA
IT IS HISTORICALLY A HE IS TORA IT IS HISTORICALLY A HE IS TORAN
IT IS HISTORICALLY A HE IS TORAN MARKET.
MARKET. >> SO THIS SUPPOSEDLY INVOLVES
>> SO THIS SUPPOSEDLY INVOLVES THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA.
THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA. DOESN’T IT A.M.I. STORY BRING US
DOESN’T IT A.M.I. STORY BRING US DOWN TO STORMY DANIELS AND ALL
DOWN TO STORMY DANIELS AND ALL THESE OTHER PROBLEMS THAT TRUMP
THESE OTHER PROBLEMS THAT TRUMP BRINGS TO THE TABLE THAT HAVE
BRINGS TO THE TABLE THAT HAVE ENDED UP IN THE LEGAL FIELD?
ENDED UP IN THE LEGAL FIELD? >> THAT’S ACTUALLY A REALLY GOOD
>> THAT’S ACTUALLY A REALLY GOOD POINT.
POINT. THERE’S A SORT OF-LOW TENOR TO
THERE’S A SORT OF-LOW TENOR TO THE VARIOUS VONDING YOU AND JOE
THE VARIOUS VONDING YOU AND JOE WERE SAY TEG TOP OF THE SHOW
WERE SAY TEG TOP OF THE SHOW THAT AMI AND DAVID PECKER WENT
THAT AMI AND DAVID PECKER WENT AFTER THE WRONG GUY WHEN THIS
AFTER THE WRONG GUY WHEN THIS WENT AFTER BEZOS.
WENT AFTER BEZOS. I THINK HISTORY WILL SHOW AND IT
I THINK HISTORY WILL SHOW AND IT "THE WASHINGTON POST" SHOULD BE
"THE WASHINGTON POST" SHOULD BE CREDITED WITH KEEPING THIS STORY
CREDITED WITH KEEPING THIS STORY FRONT AND CENTE AND JEFF BEZOS
FRONT AND CENTE AND JEFF BEZOS AND MARTY BARON SHOULD BE KRET
AND MARTY BARON SHOULD BE KRET ITTED WITH PCHBLT IS PLAYING AN
ITTED WITH PCHBLT IS PLAYING AN EVEN LARGER ROLE IN THIS SORT OF
EVEN LARGER ROLE IN THIS SORT OF COMPLEX WENG.
COMPLEX WENG. >> JOE, WITH THIS NEW PIECE OF
>> JOE, WITH THIS NEW PIECE OF REPORTING OF MBS SAYING HE
REPORTING OF MBS SAYING HE WANTED TO USE A BULL ON KA--
WANTED TO USE A BULL ON KA-- BULLET ON AMI, AND INTELLIGENCE
BULLET ON AMI, AND INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITIES CONCLUDED HE DID
COMMUNITIES CONCLUDED HE DID DIRECT IT.
DIRECT IT. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. I SERIOUSLY DOUBT HE WILL .
I SERIOUSLY DOUBT HE WILL . THE QUESTION IS WILL REPUBLICAN
THE QUESTION IS WILL REPUBLICAN SENATORS SPEAK UP?
SENATORS SPEAK UP? YOU HAD I’M WONDERING WILL
YOU HAD I’M WONDERING WILL LINDSEY GRAHAM CHANGE HIS TUNE
LINDSEY GRAHAM CHANGE HIS TUNE AGAIN OR WILL HE CONTINUE TO BE
AGAIN OR WILL HE CONTINUE TO BE OPPOSED TO THE UNITED STATES
OPPOSED TO THE UNITED STATES DEALING WITH SAUDI ARABIA IN ANY
DEALING WITH SAUDI ARABIA IN ANY MEANINGFUL WAY AS LONG AS THE
MEANINGFUL WAY AS LONG AS THE CROWN PRINCIPLES IS IN THE
CROWN PRINCIPLES IS IN THE POSITION HE’S OFTEN NOW THEY
POSITION HE’S OFTEN NOW THEY HAVE TO LOOK AT THIS U.S.
HAVE TO LOOK AT THIS U.S. INTELLIGENCE THAT SAYS KHASHOGGI
INTELLIGENCE THAT SAYS KHASHOGGI SAID WE’RE EITHER GOING TO
SAID WE’RE EITHER GOING TO KIDNAP HIM AND DRAG HIM BACK,
KIDNAP HIM AND DRAG HIM BACK, HE’S GOING TO COME BACK
HE’S GOING TO COME BACK VOLUNTARILY OR I’M GOING TO PUT
VOLUNTARILY OR I’M GOING TO PUT A BULLET IN HEIM.
A BULLET IN HEIM. THAT’S LURING HIM IN AND THEN
THAT’S LURING HIM IN AND THEN KILLING HIM.
KILLING HIM. DIL LAN BUYERS THANK YOU SO MUCH
DIL LAN BUYERS THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR REQUEST WITH US.
FOR REQUEST WITH US. I DO WANT TO FOLLOW UP ON
I DO WANT TO FOLLOW UP ON SOMETHING SAID, THE ENTIRE
SOMETHING SAID, THE ENTIRE "WASHINGTON POST" COMMUNITY HAS
"WASHINGTON POST" COMMUNITY HAS REALLY STEPPED FORWARD.
REALLY STEPPED FORWARD. I KNOW GENE CAN TALK ABOUT THIS,
I KNOW GENE CAN TALK ABOUT THIS, BUT THE PUBLISHER, FRED RYAN, HE
BUT THE PUBLISHER, FRED RYAN, HE HAS KEPT IT ON THE FOREGRONT-
HAS KEPT IT ON THE FOREGRONT- FOREGRONT-FRED HYATT, THE
FOREGRONT-FRED HYATT, THE EDITORIAL PAGE, THEY’VE BEEN
EDITORIAL PAGE, THEY’VE BEEN DRIVE THIS STORY NONSTOP.
DRIVE THIS STORY NONSTOP. AND FOR GOOD REASON.
AND FOR GOOD REASON. A "WASHINGTON POST" JOURNALIST
A "WASHINGTON POST" JOURNALIST WAS ASSASSINATED BY AN AND AND
WAS ASSASSINATED BY AN AND AND THERE’S NO WAY WE CAN CONTINUE
THERE’S NO WAY WE CAN CONTINUE OPERATING BY A SAUDI ARABIAN
OPERATING BY A SAUDI ARABIAN GOVERNMENT THAT CAN BE RUN BY
GOVERNMENT THAT CAN BE RUN BY THIS GUY --
THIS GUY -- >> AND THE POST CAN KEEP.
>> AND THE POST CAN KEEP. >> STILL AHEAD ON "MORNING JOE,"
>> STILL AHEAD ON "MORNING JOE," WE WILL SET THE STAGE FOR
WE WILL SET THE STAGE FOR TODAY’S EXPECTED CLASH BETWEEN
TODAY’S EXPECTED CLASH BETWEEN DEMOCRATS ON THE HOUSE JUDICIARY
DEMOCRATS ON THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE AND ACTING TORNG
COMMITTEE AND ACTING TORNG MATTHEW WHITAKER.
MATTHEW WHITAKER. A MMM OF THAT COMMITTEE DEMOCRAT
A MMM OF THAT COMMITTEE DEMOCRAT AARON SWAL WILL GO INCLUDING THE
AARON SWAL WILL GO INCLUDING THE ROLE THAT MICHAEL COHEN’S SECRET
ROLE THAT MICHAEL COHEN’S SECRET AUDIO RECORDINGS PLAYED.
AUDIO RECORDINGS PLAYED. WE’LL TALK TO EMILY JANE FOX